food.md, before:

# Food Mix

Based on survey results referenced below, a food mix like the following is a good start:

1. Pizza with cheese and veggies
2. Pizza with meat
3. Cold cut sandwiches with meat
4. Cold cut sandwiches with tuna fish

Ratios of tea : coffee is around 25% tea : 75% coffee%.

## Survey results Dec 2024 workshop

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/841ce740-4f77-4430-8745-4d42a35f2442)

## Example order - NERD Cambridge 2025

Example order for NERD in-person event with no breakfast, but caffeine and lunch for 55 people (attendees and staff):

1. Tuna Salad (lunch bagel sandwich) x 10 @ $12 - https://www.areafour.com/
2. Smoked Turkey (lunch bagel sandwich) x 10 @ $12 - https://www.areafour.com/
3. Large Pizza with meat () x 5
4. Large Pizza with veggies () x 5

1. Coffee box - morning - from Starbucks via Uber Eats or Doordash (note the delivery app may not support orders totaling > $100)
2. Coffee box - with lunch - https://www.areafour.com/

## Example order - Microsoft Burlington 2024

https://meals2go.com/catering/Sandwich,%20Salad%20&%20Soup link to wegmans catering BCC used. Here's info on the sandwiches and cookies:

1. Sandwiches were: (Classic Sub Tray) $68/feeds 16 people
2. Cookies were: (Ultimate Chocolate Chip Cookie Tray) - 48 count, $57 each

Was just checking coffee pricing. For Starbucks, 96 oz for around $21, includes cups and sugar and so forth.
https://www.starbucks.com/menu/product/873068655/hot?toCart=true

### Coffee Traveler - Pike Place® Roast
A convenient carrier filled with 96 fl oz of our featured brewed medium roast coffee (equivalent of twelve 8 fl oz cups)—a perfect pick-me-up for meetings, picnics or whatever occasion calls for coffee.

## Suppliers that Support Delivery

### Cambridge MA

1. https://www.kendallhouseofpizzamenu.com/
2. https://www.areafour.com/
3.

Commit message:

Revise food document for dietary needs and supplies
Updated food planning document to include dietary needs and supplies.

food.md, after:

# Providing Food

Don't forget:

1. Varied dietary needs - Vegan, Vegetarian, Halal, Kosher, and other less likely possibilities such as [Jain](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jain_vegetarianism)
2. Be sure to get SUPPLIES with the food - plates, utensils, cups, napkins, coffee creamer, sugar, etc.

## Food Mix

Based on survey results referenced below, a food mix like the following is a good start:

1. Pizza with cheese and veggies
2. Pizza with meat
3. Cold cut sandwiches with meat
4. Cold cut sandwiches with tuna fish

Ratios of tea : coffee is around 25% tea : 75% coffee%.

## Survey results Dec 2024 workshop

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/841ce740-4f77-4430-8745-4d42a35f2442)

## Example order - NERD Cambridge 2025

Example order for NERD in-person event with no breakfast, but **caffeine and lunch for 55 people** (attendees and staff):

1. Tuna Salad (lunch bagel sandwich) x 10 @ $12 - https://www.areafour.com/
2. Smoked Turkey (lunch bagel sandwich) x 10 @ $12 - https://www.areafour.com/
3. Large Pizza with meat () x 5
4. Large Pizza with veggies () x 5

1. Coffee box - morning - from Starbucks via Uber Eats or Doordash (note the delivery app may not support orders totaling > $100)
2. Coffee box - with lunch - https://www.areafour.com/

## Example order - Microsoft Burlington 2024

https://meals2go.com/catering/Sandwich,%20Salad%20&%20Soup link to wegmans catering BCC used. Here's info on the sandwiches and cookies:

1. Sandwiches were: (Classic Sub Tray) $68/feeds 16 people
2. Cookies were: (Ultimate Chocolate Chip Cookie Tray) - 48 count, $57 each

Was just checking coffee pricing. For Starbucks, 96 oz for around $21, includes cups and sugar and so forth.
https://www.starbucks.com/menu/product/873068655/hot?toCart=true

### Coffee Traveler - Pike Place® Roast

A convenient carrier filled with 96 fl oz of our featured brewed medium roast coffee (equivalent of twelve 8 fl oz cups)—a perfect pick-me-up for meetings, picnics or whatever occasion calls for coffee.

## Suppliers that Support Delivery

### Cambridge MA

1. https://www.kendallhouseofpizzamenu.com/
2. https://www.areafour.com/
3.
